# TC Meeting 2024-04-18

## Agenda

* Define maintainers of technical-committee repository
* Review pull requests
* Onboarding of new projects

# Protocol

Present: Cornelius, Peter; Excused: Loic

* Maintainers of technical-committee repository
  * We separate the group for maintaining the repository from the membership in the Technical Committee. It's more an administrative function to manage the repository.
  * Current group of repository maintainers should be Cornelius, Max, Loic, Peter
* We reviewed, approved and merged the open pull requests
* Onboarding of new projects
  * OSRD: We have moved the repositories to the OpenRail Association, representative of OSRD in the TC is not named yet
  * RCM OSS: Tentative plan: meet with maintainers next week
  * DAC Migration DSS: The project will name a representative for the TC, we will start with a repository based on the templates and add more content later, when the project starts its development work
