# TC Meeting 2024-02-15

## Agenda

### From last meeting

* Discuss what is needed to define requirements for project governance (https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/issues/8)
* Project badges

### New topics

* Questions from prospective member
  * In wich style do we answer
  * How to proceed
* Organize onboarding of OSRD

## Protocol

