# TC Meeting 2024-06-25

Present: Peter, Stephanie, Loic (from 13:30), Florian, Cornelius; Excused: Max

## Agenda

* Criteria for stage 2 of the incubation process (#78)
  * REUSE (see also https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/80#issuecomment-2178500733)
  * DCO (see also https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee/pull/80#issuecomment-2178500733)
* Onboarding of Netzgrafik-Editor
* Holidays

## Protocol

* We will switch from preparing the agenda in an issue to prepare it in a pull request with the file we use to describe agenda and protocol
* Requiring REUSE for incubation stage 2
  * https://reuse.software/
  * Gives license clarity, this is quite important for us as OpenRail Association, as dealing well with open-source licensing is one of our selling points
  * Maintainers will check with their teams and we will discuss and decide next week
  * If we do not adopt REUSE as a criteria we will have to define in another way how to achieve clarity about licensing
* DCO
  * https://developercertificate.org/
  * Example project how to do it: https://www.chef.io/blog/introducing-developer-certificate-of-origin
  * Introduced by Linux Kernel to prevent against risks from legal attacks against open-source code
  * Risk of problems is increasing with more diverse sets of contributors, but also for small projects and projects of one company
  * Having the DCO raises awareness and signals that we are serious about high-quality, also of copyright information
  * Prominent open-source projects which use it: GitLab, Docker, Chef, lot of CNCF projects
  * It adds friction for new contributors who are not used to the DCO. Having a small barrier might also be a good thing to signal that we want high-quality contributions
  * On which stage to add? Stage 3 with diverse contributors it's clear to us that we want it. For stage 2 it would be good to already establish the practice. Maybe as an optional criteria for stage 2?
  * We agree that a CLA is not an option for us.
  * We will discuss and if possible decide on the DCO next week
* Holidays
  * Peter is away from the 7th to 26th of July
  * Flo: 19th to 23rd of August
  * Loic: 12th July to 5th of August
  * Everybody should be able to start the meeting now
* Onboarding of Netzgrafik-Editor
  * Board has approved Netzgrafik-Editor as OpenRail Association project on June 21st. We will record that in the official project list (Cornelius will create a pull request).
  * Invite Adrian to TC Meeting, Peter will do this. There we will discuss all the next steps.
